this cake never fails to impress people
whenever I make it it's made out of one
of these supermarket sponge flan rings
it's a strawberry and cream cake cut the
sponge out with a decent-sized metal
ring will if you can then prep my
strawberries now for this sponge put it
straight through the center now I'm
gonna put it on a cake stand and then
take the bottom part of the sponge and
pop it in the base and then we can take
our strawberries make sure you do this
while the strawberries are still cut
fresh because it'll actually help them
stick to the side of the mold and what
we're looking for everyone is about 12
to 14 stories that we can place all the
way around with the cut side placed up
against the side of the metal ring you
want them all roughly the same height so
you can grab me some cream we'll want to
whisk that up and then we can take the
rest of the strawberries and pop them in
the middle then a good dash
of orange secure OMG brings out the
flavor of strawberries so much
what's it rusted in here there you get a
great flavor if you just fold this in so
much better than just plain whipped
cream now we're gonna do is to throw
this lock in here the cream should come
up to the level of the strawberries so
just gonna smooth this over so it's nice
and flat on the top place the top of the
cake on and then give this a good
dusting of icing sugar
grab a blowtorch all it's doing is just
stopping the cream stick into the room
what I'm gonna do is just use these
metal skewers to cut marks on the top
all right now let's guess you liked that
one yeah it's not finished yet
you get a spoon will and a metal steel
we're going to do a little bit of spun
sugar all this is just melted sugar in a
pan this is 120 degrees centigrade spin
it very quickly over steel and you go
lift it up
just finishes off a cake so nicely and
there you go well nobody would have ever
known
ten minutes ago that is a sponge flat
yeah
you